feat(Pagination): add possibility to use wrapper components for pagination buttons (#2040)
gravity-ui/uikit: src/components/Pagination/README.md

## Usage

There are 2 ways of using pagination: as [buttons](#buttons) and as [custom controls](#custom-constrols) .

### Buttons

In this case user will iteract with pagination's controls as with buttons.

> Set `onUpdate` prop to use pagination as buttons (`buttonWraper` must be `undefined`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `onUpdate` prop to use pagination as buttons (`itemWrapper` must be `undefined`).
```

Author: [f1320aa](https://github.com/gravity-ui/uikit/pull/2040/commits/f1320aa37fcaf48482bb63bc5c39e0efb048a161)

const pagination = <Pagination page={1} pageSize={100} total={1000} onUpdate={handleUpdate} />;
```

### Custom components

In this case user will iteract with pagination's buttons as with custom controls.

> Set `itemWrapper` prop to use pagination as custom contrlols. In this case `onUpdate` will fire only on input and select components.

Reviewer: contrlols -> controls

> Set `buttonWraper` prop to use pagination as custom contrlols. In this case `onUpdate` will fire only on input and select components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set `itemWrapper` prop to use pagination as custom controls. In this case `onUpdate` will fire only on input and select components.
```

Author: [f1320aa](https://github.com/gravity-ui/uikit/pull/2040/commits/f1320aa37fcaf48482bb63bc5c39e0efb048a161)

        return button.props.disabled ? (
            button
        ) : (
            <a href={pageHrefBuilder(page, pageSize)} key={button.key}>
                {button}
            </a>
        );
    },

const handleUpdate = (page, pageSize)=>{
        window.location.href = pageHrefBuilder(page, pageSize);
    }

const pagination = <Pagination
        page={1}
        pageSize={100}
        total={1000}
        itemWrapper={renderWrapper}
        onUpdate={(page, pageSize)=>setState({page, pageSize})}
    >;
```

#### Links for react-router SPA way

```jsx
import {Pagination, PaginationProps} from '@gravity-ui/uikit';
import {useNavigate, Link} from 'react-router-dom';

const PAGE_PARAM = 'page_number';
const PAGE_SIZE_PARAM = 'page_size';

function pageHrefBuilder(page: number, pageSize: number) {
    const queryParams = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search);
    queryParams.set(PAGE_PARAM, String(page));
    queryParams.set(PAGE_SIZE_PARAM, String(pageSize));
    return window.location.href.replace(window.location.search, `?${queryParams.toString()}`);
}

const [state, setState] = React.useState({page: 1, pageSize: 100});
const navigate = useNavigate();

> const renderWrapper = ({page, pageSize, button}) => {

Reviewer: button -> item
